README.md, before:

# Change Log

## v2.6.5

- Updated select handlers
- Added new route for packing line summary
- Updated packing line data table & info
- Added new packing line name field in packing line add form
- Added status for packing line
- Updated packing line details view
- Added remarks for packing line report
- Creating packing line summary
- Updated packing line report ui
- Changed default packing status

## v2.6.4

- Updated packing line add form
- Updated dashboard
- Added production summary view
- Updated date range in production summary
- Added packing date field on add form
- Fixed batch code in laboratory update module
- Removed breadcrumb in all views

## v2.6.3

- Updated complaint details ui
- Update generate button in verification report module
- Added loading spinner for wet section coconut count add button
- Updated packing line data table (add batch number)
- Enabled to update finish time in sd module
- Added batch code in daily summary report
- Added new recipe name for mixing section
- Removed sample in time, test start time & time difference in daily summary
- Fixed location issue in newly added batch (outside) in mixing module
- Updated RP recipe name
- Added print method for packing line added data
- Added packing date & T code range in packing line data table
- Updated packing type in packing line data details view

## v2.6.2

- Removed commented code lines
- Added outside milk data to daily summary report
- Changed layout of verification module
- Changed atomizer nozzle size in spray dryer
- Installed xlsx package for download summary report as excel file
- Updated daily summary report export function
- Fixed breakdown function duplication issue
- Fixed required date field of add new function in mixing section
- Added details component in packing line added data table
- Updated default expected powder quantity in update sd module
- Updated search result card in complains
- Updated recipe name in sd data table & daily summary report
- Fixed t code search function in complains
- Added verification report
- Updated view ui of daily summary report
- Updated breakdown report

## v2.6.1

- Updated font family of the app into Inter
- Updated sidebar icons
- Added new report for breakdowns
- Added new recipe for mixing section
- Updated fetch function for breakdowns in dashboard
- Updated details of wet section
- Updated breakdown module
- Updated calculate time difference function in daily summary & breakdown report
- Added total breakdown time for breakdown report

## v2.6.0

- Updated Running batch into Batch number in dashboard
- Added DC batches in wet section, dashboard & summary report
- Updated render function for current batch number of spray dryers in dashboard

## v2.5.9

- Updated sd batch code label in update spray dryer module
- Added verification module for packing line
- Fixed width of added packing line data table fields
- Updated Swal button colors

## v2.5.8

- Added new feature for outside kernel in wet section
- Added new feature for outside milk in sd 4 mixing section
- Added in-house & outside kernel quantity for summary report
- Updated select box data binding function in new mixing module
- Rename Wet batch number into W batch number
- Rename Batch number into SD batch number
- Rename Batch code into Sd batch code
- Rename Craft bag number into T code
- Added QC & supervisor names in back tracing module

## v2.5.7

- Showing added data in packing lines
- Updated calculate time difference functions in update cutter & daily summery report module
- Updated calculate kernel weight formula in wet section
- Added new sample in time, test start time, issues informed to & issue details in summary report
- Fixed dashboard batch counts, milk amounts & powder quantities when delete a batch
- Fixed summary report total count issue

## v2.5.6

- Updated order name select input function in add & update modules in mixing section & sd section

## v2.5.5

- Added new packing batch code field in packing line section
- Renamed some fields in packing line section
- Fixed back tracing bag number searching issue

## v2.5.4

- Updated order name into select box
- Disabled batch number input in mixing section
- Updated milk recovery styles in data table

## v2.5.3

- Created a component that showing previously added data in packing line section
- Updated adding multiple craft bag numbers into packing line section

## v2.5.2

- Created batch transfer function.
- Updated cutter section update module for change location after added.

Commit message:

[update] - updated packing line type from radio button to select box

README.md, after:

# Change Log

## v2.6.5

- Updated select handlers
- Added new route for packing line summary
- Updated packing line data table & info
- Added new packing line name field in packing line add form
- Added status for packing line
- Updated packing line details view
- Added remarks for packing line report
- Creating packing line summary
- Updated packing line report ui
- Changed default packing status
- Updated packing line type from radio button to select box

## v2.6.4

- Updated packing line add form
- Updated dashboard
- Added production summary view
- Updated date range in production summary
- Added packing date field on add form
- Fixed batch code in laboratory update module
- Removed breadcrumb in all views

## v2.6.3

- Updated complaint details ui
- Update generate button in verification report module
- Added loading spinner for wet section coconut count add button
- Updated packing line data table (add batch number)
- Enabled to update finish time in sd module
- Added batch code in daily summary report
- Added new recipe name for mixing section
- Removed sample in time, test start time & time difference in daily summary
- Fixed location issue in newly added batch (outside) in mixing module
- Updated RP recipe name
- Added print method for packing line added data
- Added packing date & T code range in packing line data table
- Updated packing type in packing line data details view

## v2.6.2

- Removed commented code lines
- Added outside milk data to daily summary report
- Changed layout of verification module
- Changed atomizer nozzle size in spray dryer
- Installed xlsx package for download summary report as excel file
- Updated daily summary report export function
- Fixed breakdown function duplication issue
- Fixed required date field of add new function in mixing section
- Added details component in packing line added data table
- Updated default expected powder quantity in update sd module
- Updated search result card in complains
- Updated recipe name in sd data table & daily summary report
- Fixed t code search function in complains
- Added verification report
- Updated view ui of daily summary report
- Updated breakdown report

## v2.6.1

- Updated font family of the app into Inter
- Updated sidebar icons
- Added new report for breakdowns
- Added new recipe for mixing section
- Updated fetch function for breakdowns in dashboard
- Updated details of wet section
- Updated breakdown module
- Updated calculate time difference function in daily summary & breakdown report
- Added total breakdown time for breakdown report

## v2.6.0

- Updated Running batch into Batch number in dashboard
- Added DC batches in wet section, dashboard & summary report
- Updated render function for current batch number of spray dryers in dashboard

## v2.5.9

- Updated sd batch code label in update spray dryer module
- Added verification module for packing line
- Fixed width of added packing line data table fields
- Updated Swal button colors

## v2.5.8

- Added new feature for outside kernel in wet section
- Added new feature for outside milk in sd 4 mixing section
- Added in-house & outside kernel quantity for summary report
- Updated select box data binding function in new mixing module
- Rename Wet batch number into W batch number
- Rename Batch number into SD batch number
- Rename Batch code into Sd batch code
- Rename Craft bag number into T code
- Added QC & supervisor names in back tracing module

## v2.5.7

- Showing added data in packing lines
- Updated calculate time difference functions in update cutter & daily summery report module
- Updated calculate kernel weight formula in wet section
- Added new sample in time, test start time, issues informed to & issue details in summary report
- Fixed dashboard batch counts, milk amounts & powder quantities when delete a batch
- Fixed summary report total count issue

## v2.5.6

- Updated order name select input function in add & update modules in mixing section & sd section

## v2.5.5

- Added new packing batch code field in packing line section
- Renamed some fields in packing line section
- Fixed back tracing bag number searching issue

## v2.5.4

- Updated order name into select box
- Disabled batch number input in mixing section
- Updated milk recovery styles in data table

## v2.5.3

- Created a component that showing previously added data in packing line section
- Updated adding multiple craft bag numbers into packing line section

## v2.5.2

- Created batch transfer function.
- Updated cutter section update module for change location after added.
